hi guys next year back in a minecraft
auction seed review and today when we
show you guys a really epic seed as you
can see already from spawn you know has
some cool features and stuff like that
but there's a bunch of features in this
he did I want to show you guys and I
guess we'll just get right into it so
here is spotty spot next to like a nice
tree at leasing creative anyway because
you know sometimes the creative and
survival spawns are different but you
can see right in front of you there's
like a huge mountain in my screen froze
again yeah there's like a huge mountain
over here in a little overhang it's
really awesome you know beginning to the
seed it's not really the fact that it's
mountainy that makes it special is the
fact that there is actually well show
you guys in a second there's actually a
bunch of cool stuff so they're just do a
little fly by the whole map and you will
see in you see there's a bunch of cool
you know formations and landforms and
thingies which making you know kind of
spell kind of a special seed in my
opinion what is it going to come over
here there's also like a little a little
I guess which called cave with a
waterfall which is pretty cool no caves
and waterfalls always you know go well
together and it's actually decent size
when you think about it just light it up
a little so as you can see here it's
pretty nice little cave so you know has
a little cave has tall mountains you
know it's it's a good mixture right
there alright so just keep going here
and there's another like um I guess you
could say cave area it's really awesome
to seed I'll just absolutely love it as
you can see here just like a waterfall
and there's like a little cool
formations and over there where should
come up on our first first like just
hear me right here first lava fall so
this man has won a lot powerful already
over here there's just you bunch of
these you know caves are just all run
this map you know pretty awesome
and there's the first love of all which
is really awesome you wanna you know
make something we rely befall I'm not
sure yeah what people do is level Falls
these days but whatever they are you can
do it over your lava fall all right knee
over here you can see in local floating
island and lonely no mountain the thing
over here some sand sand bottom and
corner desert biome obviously fly over
here Justin just flight flight in
flighting flighting flying islands and
stuff like that i gets pretty cool for
like books and stuff on over here you
know just becomes a little flat or
planar it still has some pretty nice
features on it and over here we come to
a snow biome it doesn't take up too much
of the map in as you can see it's just a
little this area you know it's a decent
amount of snow not the biggest and but
you get something that you know snow
snow biome trees so that's pretty nice
and come over over here and we actually
find another waterfall this is our
second waterfall and yet just hear me
it's the second one that incites the
final one so here's our second waterfall
pretty freaking awesome there's one back
there I went over here so you already
have two waterfalls in this map just
pretty freaking awesome and if you come
over here you know get a little puddle
more caves or whatever you want to call
it caverns and thingies so always
awesome to have those in those Maps you
know to add kind of like to make it
special so over here we go get some more
stuff the fingers believe there's
another cave over there decent in size
which is crazy I mean this seat is just
overly awesome
and you had the seed name I totally
forgot to mention that the sea name is
James is awesome he has his own special
spelling j MZ is awesome so you can
check that out and here is the last and
final Lava Falls so there's three
waterfalls in this wall lava falls in
this map and I kind of find this some
kind of special because it just drops
down I've never seen a lot of holes that
actually lava falls on my crab partition
that did that you know that just like
drop down and created their own like
cobblestone generate underwater what's
pretty cool it is you know lava fall
does this and let you know there's three
waterfalls and I mean level falls on his
back I don't know why I keep saying
waterfalls and there's three lava falls
on this seed and you know this means
that we can make unlimited laughing in
just three la vez can make a little bit
allow so now you can make your own
custom awesome I don't know what you
want to call it I know modes and stuff
like that so that's pretty awesome Nina
see it has three and there's a bunch of
different waterfalls and tall mountains
over here as you can see which make the
CD not even pretty colder there's a
bunch of cave so it's really an amazing
seed so yeah that's pretty much it it's
probably one of the best level seeds
I've ever come across in Minecraft
Pocket Edition and I hope you guys
enjoyed the seed the sea name is in the
description if you want to go check it
out and there because it's just kind of
weird spelling you know the dude has its
own cool spelling but that's pretty much
it hope you guys enjoyed I think there's
just more stuff everywhere gosh okay
hope you guys enjoyed I've seen guys in
the next video and that's pretty much it
hope you guys enjoyed I've seen guys the
next one I said that for the 50 time I
always say it's like 50 times ok I hope
you guys enjoyed and make sure to leave
your own best seats in the comments say
you know to have your own mistress plan
and to have it you know your own brushed
you know seed may be showcased and in
the video yeah so the future pretty much
it hope you guys enjoy it and let's just
quickly just jump off for no reason all
right
you